#summary Frequently Asked Questions.

=== 1. I was using the Hibernate Session Plugin. Do I need to migrate? ===

The Hibernate Session Plugin will be depreated. Will not be continued. The Full Hibernate Plugin contain the the Hibernate Session injection feature and much more.

=== 2. I want to use only Session and Transaction injection features but not the Hibernate Validator feature. Can I do it? ===

Yes. The are 4 ways:

1. Using the *basicStackHibernate* interceptor stack (Struts2 basickStack + Session and Transaction injection)

2. Using the *defaultStackHibernateStrutsValidation* (Struts2 defaultStack + Session and Transaction injection)

3. Using the *com.googlecode.s2hibernate.struts2.plugin.interceptors.SessionTransactionInjectorInterceptor* class as an Interceptor in a custom Interceptors Stack.

4. Do not use the *@Valid* annotation over the Entity POJO declaration in the Action

=== 3. I want to use Hibernate Validator feature, but not Session and Transaction injection features. Can I do it? ===

Yes. Use the *com.googlecode.s2hibernate.struts2.plugin.s2hibernatevalidator.interceptor.HibernateValidatorInterceptor* class as an Interceptor in a custom Interceptors Stack and DO NOT USE *basicStackHibernate*, *defaultStackHibernate* and *defaultStackHibernateStrutsValidation* stacks.


=== 4. What version of Struts 2 can I use with this Plugin? ===

From Struts 2.0.9+ to 2.1.6.


=== 5. Can I use this plugin with Struts 2.0.x Code Behind Plugin? ===

Not tested. Feedback is appreciated.


=== 6. Can I use this plugin with Struts 2.1.x Convention Plugin? ===

Yes. This plugin works fine with XML and Annotation (from Convention Plugin) mappings.