#summary Release Notes


== Version 2.1.1 GA (_15 dec 2009_)==


  * _Bug fix_: <a href="http://code.google.com/p/full-hibernate-plugin-for-struts2/issues/detail?id=7&can=1">Issue 7</a> fixed.
  * _New Feature_: JDBC Connection Test by Hibernate Configuration file at *Hibernate Manager Web Tool*
  * _Improvement_: Better performance at Hibernate Core Session and Transaction injection by Annotations [http://code.google.com/p/full-hibernate-plugin-for-struts2/wiki/3_Hibernate_Core_Sessions_Transactions_injecton (read about the new *hibernatePlugin.searchMappingsInsideJars* property)].



== Version 2.1 GA (_20 nov 2009_)==


  * _Bug fix_: <a href="http://code.google.com/p/full-hibernate-plugin-for-struts2/issues/detail?id=4&can=1">Issue 4</a> fixed.
  * _Bug fix_: <a href="http://code.google.com/p/full-hibernate-plugin-for-struts2/issues/detail?id=5&can=1">Issue 5</a> fixed.
  * _Bug fix_: <a href="http://code.google.com/p/full-hibernate-plugin-for-struts2/issues/detail?id=6&can=1">Issue 6</a> fixed.
  * _Improvement_: *C3P0* Pooled Datasources are closed and destroyed when *destroyFactory()* method is invoked from *com.googlecode.s2hibernate.struts2.plugin.util.HibernateSessionFactory*



== Version 2.0 Beta (_21 oct 2009_)==


  * _Bug fix_: Debug messages from plugin's Intercetors not displayed.
  * _New Feature_: The Plugin's Hibernate Session Factory now can work with multiple database servers simultaneity (multiple Session Factories)
  * _New Feature_: Dynamic search and configuration of Hibernate properties files (multiple Hibernate properties files allowed) 
  * _New Feature_: Auto Rebuild SessionFactories when an org.hibernate.exception.JDBCConnectionException occurs
  * _New Feature_: Spanish messages (Thanks to Nacho Marijuan).
  * _Improvement_: Faster algorithm for Session/Transaction Injection.
  * _Improvement_: More and Betters debug messages.



== Version 1.5 GA (_27 aug 2009_)==


  * _Improvement_: Objects with Session and Transaction targets (ie. DAOs) can be instantiated inside Action methods.
  * _Improvement_: Better log messages for debugging.
  * _New Feature_: German messages (Thanks to Johannes Geppert).


== Version 1.4 GA (_30 jul 2009_)==


  * _Bug Fix_: Hibernate Core Sessions are closed and Transactions are rolled back when a unexpected exception is throwed by the Action.
  * _New Feature_: The internal Hibernate Core Session Factory class now has a method to get a new Hibernate Core Session, NOT the Session of the current thread (HTTP request).
  * _Improvement_: Better log messages.


== Version 1.3 GA (_09 jul 2009_)==


  * _Bug Fix_: Wrong messages about Session and Transaction injection. *Still doing* the injection, sometimes the message _"Target not found..."_ appears.


== Version 1.2 GA (_07 jul 2009_)==


  * _New Feature_: Auto detect Hibernate Mapping Type. The Plugin detects if your project uses XML or Annotations mapping. *hibernatePlugin.configurationType* property is Deprecated. Not necessary from this version on.
  * _Bug Fix_: When the tag _<s:action_ used with the attribute _executeResult="true"_ a NullPointerExpection is throwed.
  * _Bug Fix_: Session and Transaction objects can be in superclasses (ie. a "GenericDAO") when using annotations


== Version 1.1 GA (_05 jul 2009_)==


  * _New Feature_: EJB3 like access for the annotated Session and Transaction fields. Setters are optional now and used only if exists
  * _New Feature_: Close session method can be configured for custom Session Factory class
  * _Bug Fix_: Bug when test the connection for Oracle, MS SQL Server and Firebird/Interbase - thanks to _Nacho Marijuan_
  * Better Hibernate Core Session Factory, using the Thread Local Pattern (https://www.hibernate.org/207.html)


== Version 1.0 GA (_11 jun 2009_)==


  * _New Feature_: Hibernate Core Session injection by annotation
  * _New Feature_: Transaction injection by annotation
  * _Class change_: The *com.googlecode.s2hibernate.struts2.plugin.s2hibernatesession.HibernateSessionInterceptor* in 1.0 Beta version now is *com.googlecode.s2hibernate.struts2.plugin.interceptors.SessionTransactionInjectorInterceptor*