#summary Hibernate Validator capability

= Introduction =

Hibernate Validator is a fantastic validation framework. 

Following the DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) principle, Hibernate Validator let's you express your domain constraints once (and only once) and ensure their compliance at various level of your system automatically.

Annotations are a very convenient and elegant way to specify invariant constraints on the domain model implementation, the persistent classes. Hibernate Validator comes bundled with a set of common validations (@NotNull, @Email, @Max, and so on), and you can build you own validation rules very easily.

More at this framework at http://www.hibernate.org/412.html

Hibernate Validator Manual:<br/>
[http://www.hibernate.org/hib_docs/validator/reference/en/pdf/hibernate_validator.pdf PDF version]<br/>
[http://www.hibernate.org/hib_docs/validator/reference/en/html_single/ HTML version]


= Using this =

==Validating Entity POJOs==

If you have an Entity POJO with specific validation annotations, just use the _@Valid_ annotation over a declaration or a setter method of this in the Action!

_Example:_

*Entity class: Soccerplayer.java*
{{{
    public class Soccerplayer implements java.io.Serializable {

        private Integer idplayer;
	
	@NotNull
	@Valid
	private Soccerteam soccerteam;
	
	@NotEmpty
	@Length(min=2, max=20)
	private String name;
	
	@NotNull
	@Past
	private Date birthdate;
	
	@Min(value=1)
	@Max(value=2)
	private Float height;
	
	@Length(max=100)
	private String notes;

        // ... getters and setters ...
    }
}}}
<font color="red">*=> _Validation annotations as need..._*</font>


*Struts XML mapping file: struts.xml
{{{
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
    <!DOCTYPE struts PUBLIC
    "-//Apache Software Foundation//DTD Struts Configuration 2.0//EN"
    "struts-2.0.dtd">
    <struts>

      <package name="main" extends="hibernate-default">
    	<action name="listPlayer" class="SoccerplayerAction" method="list">
    	    <result>/list.jsp</result>
    	</action>
    	
    	<action name="savePlayer" class="SoccerplayerAction" method="save">
    	    <interceptor-ref name="defaultStackHibernate"/>
    	    <result name="input">/form.jsp</result>
    	    <result type="redirect-action">listPlayer</result>
    	</action>
      </package>

    </struts>
}}}


*Action class: SoccerplayerAction.java*
{{{
    public class ManagePlayersAction extends ActionSupport{
	
	@Valid
	Soccerplayer player = new Soccerplayer();
    
        // ... getters, setters and action methods ( ie. execute() ) ...

    }
}}}
<font color="red">*=> _@Valid over the POJO to be validated..._*</font>

*JSP file: form.jsp
{{{
    <%@ taglib uri="/struts-tags" prefix="s" %>

    <%@ page language="java" contentType="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1"
    pageEncoding="ISO-8859-1"%>
    
    <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
    <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
    <s:head/>
    <title>Soccer Players</title>
    </head>
    <body>	
	<s:url id="urlList" action="listPlayer"></s:url>
	<s:a theme="ajax" href="%{urlList}" targets="divIntern" indicator="indicator" showLoadingText="false">List All Players</s:a>

	<s:form action="savePlayer">
		<s:hidden name="player.idplayer"></s:hidden>
		<s:textfield key="player.name"></s:textfield>
		<s:textfield key="player.birthdate"></s:textfield>
		<s:textfield key="player.height"></s:textfield>
		<s:textarea key="player.notes" cols="50" rows="3"></s:textarea>
		<s:select list="teamsList" name="player.soccerteam.idteam" label="Team"
		 listKey="idteam" listValue="name"
		 headerKey="" headerValue="- What Team? -"></s:select>
		<s:submit value="Save" />
	</s:form>

    </body>
    </html>
}}}
<font color="red">*=> _Input fields here use keys for the automatic generation of label and name attributes... but not just this: Please, pay attention to this keys..._*</font>


*I18N messages file: SoccerplayerAction.properties
{{{
    player.name=Player Name
    player.birthdate=Birth
    player.height=Height (m)
    player.notes=Notes about this Player
    player.soccerteam.idteam=Team
}}}
<font color="red">*=> _Please, pay attention to this keys..._*</font>

<font color="red">*=> _Ok, did you pay attention to the keys?_*</font>

Now, look to the result...

[http://lh3.ggpht.com/_BudW2b3yOHU/ShP02Ub6vZI/AAAAAAAAABk/5JG8RA12hLI/formSoccerPlayersBeforeSubmit.JPG Form before submit]

[http://lh6.ggpht.com/_BudW2b3yOHU/ShP02TyVExI/AAAAAAAAABo/gBOwfv5N7DE/formSoccerPlayersAfterSubmit.JPG Form AFTER submit and validation]

Did you see that the validation message had the field label as prefix? This Plugin try to use a I18N key for this! How?
If the Entity class reference at the Action is *player*, so the Value Stack keys for this will be:
  * player.name
  * player.birthdate
  * player.height
  * player.notes
  * player.soccerteam.idteam

*_So, there is another DRY pratice here!_* 

If no key acording the Value Stack item name key found, the message WILL BE created BUT *without* the field label.
The result would be *[http://lh6.ggpht.com/_BudW2b3yOHU/ShP3SEa-I-I/AAAAAAAAABs/95ofRnvpAnY/formSoccerPlayersAfterSubmitNoLabel.JPG this]*.